## Character Sheet Generator

An HTML/CSS/jQuery page that allows a player to directly generate their character sheet in the correct format. This keeps players from having to directly manipulate the code as much as possible.

### How to use in FA

Create a HTML page in FA, with the style.css content inside `<style></style>` and app.js content inside `<script type="text/javascript"></script>`.

To embed the iframe in the forum:
`<iframe id="iframe-predef" title="Générateur de fiches prédéfinis" width="100%" src="${url}type=PREDEFINI"></iframe>`

Possible values for type are: PREDEFINI, PNJ or PERSONNAGE, depending on the desired type of sheet.
Type is defaulted to PERSONNAGE.

### How to use it

List of details of the interactions developed on the sheet.

#### Parts

Elements parts (identity, story, power, physical and mental description, history) are initially closed.
Clicking the title will open the div and associate it with the `active` class; clicking again will remove the `active` class and close the block.
It's now possible to merge mental/physical descriptions with history.

#### Factions and groupes

Additional group/faction information appears when the user changes the selected value.
The selected faction will also determine the color of the card details to quickly identify the user.

#### Add links

In case of PNJ / PREDEFINI, it is possible to add links to other characters.
The addition is dynamic, and each link can be deleted independently.

#### Sheet generation

The form is generated by interpolating the values in the final HTML file.
The user can then modify it as desired.
The generate button will create a thread with the filled character sheet as content. The user will then be able to save it as a draft (FA specific).

### Areas for Improvement

- Add field validation before generating the character sheet to alert the user if they forgot to fill in any fields.
- Add a "FREE" status box for presets to quickly signal their availability.
- Add a field to add/contact the creator of a preset/NPC.
